Netsuite: Add build explanation to the README (#1060)
salto-io/salto: packages/netsuite-adapter/README.md

Netsuite adapter for salto.io, in very early development stages (not functional!)

### Prerequisites
###### taken from https://github.com/oracle/netsuite-suitecloud-sdk/tree/master/packages/node-cli

Node.js version 12.14.0 LTS or greater
Install Java 11 (OpenJDK / JDK)
```
OpenJDK - http://jdk.java.net/archive/ (explanation at https://dzone.com/articles/installing-openjdk-11-on-macos)
JDK - https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html
```

### Build instructions
```

> extract the content of add_ns_adapter.patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
download add_ns_adapter.patch and apply it by running `patch -i add_ns_adapter.patch` from your repository root
```
(need to check the command is correct)
Just in case someone doesn't know how to apply the patch to their workspace, having a `copy paste this command` usually makes it easier
